Initial blog post and job descriptions for grant hiring (#87)
readthedocs/blog: read-the-docs-is-hiring-q1-2021.rst

.. post:: Jan 6, 2021
   :tags: hiring, python, devrel, frontend
   :author: Eric
   :location: BND

Read the Docs is hiring for multiple positions
==============================================

> Read the Docs has recently gotten a :doc:`grant to support scientific software</czi-grant-announcement>` in 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the Docs received a :doc:`grant to support scientific software</czi-grant-announcement>` at the beginning of this year.
```

* A :doc:`developer advocate with documentation skills </job-devrel>`

Please look at each of the job postings for much more detail on what to expect with the job.

We are excited to be able to expand our small team and increase the support we're giving to the scientific open source community.
Throughout 2021 we are going to be vastly improving our documentation and building major new features around embedding documentation content,
based on the work from this grant.

How hiring will be structured
-----------------------------

The way we are currently planning to structure this work is to have 50% of the time spent working on grant work,
and the other 50% working on Read the Docs itself.
The codebase and community we're building require a good amount of onboarding time,
so we are excited to be able to use the grant funds to also improve the overall experience of Read the Docs users.

Given that we only have a team of 5 people,
we need to make sure we are able to support both our existing users and also the new work based on our grant.
Having some of our existing team doing project management and Python development on the grant means we need additional Read the Docs capacity.

> We currently expect around 50% of one person's time from our existing team to be doing grant work each month,

Reviewer: This sounds more like an internal note, it's a little confusing as a note to potential applicants.
